Hi team,

As some of you may know, the past couple weeks the project that I have been primarily working on is a web application
that operates as a ping pong score keeper.  As the next step in this process, I would like to as you all to participate in
putting my app through the wringer and getting it some more real use cases.  All this means for you is that whenever you play a game of ping pong against someone else in the Rightpoint Detroit office, I would appreciate it if you logged into the app, which is currently live at https://project-5457323458366770321.firebaseapp.com/  .  In order to register on it, (for now), all that is required is anytime between now and when you play your game you log into the site using a valid google account (in the future, it will be migrating to use our Azure Active Directory and this will no longer be necessary).  It will automatically enroll you in the Rightpoint Detroit league for now, though feel free to create your own leagues and play with those features as much as you would like.  More on use instructions will follow.  In addition, any feedback you have on what features you would like to see and any criticism or comments on the current implementation is much appreciated, you can reach me at either my email at my desk.  Do note that at this point, this test is only of the functionality provided by the service; our own Bartel Welch is working on the design aspect of the app, which has not been rolled out yet at all (so my lack of design knowledge means the app is pretty much vanilla bootstrap).  
Unfortunaltey, due to the pending migration to Azure AD, which handles authentication different from google, login on mobile devices is not supported at this time.  


INSTRUCTIONS:

If this is your first time using the app, simply login with a google account, you will automatically be added to the league Rightpoint Detroit.  The app operates in a simple way: each user belongs to any number of leagues.  Each game of ping pong that is played belongs to exclusivley one league, and can only be between members of that league (record keeping of inter-league play is not supported at this time).  The app keeps track of the standings within a league (which is calculated based on number of wins and losses of each player in the league).  This can be viewed by selecting the leagues page from the navigation bar, then by clicking on the name of the league you would like to drill into.  In addition to the standings, the app also records your overall skill level using a system I adapted from chess' elo system.  Unlike records, this is NOT league dependent, and is carried with you in every league you belong to.  At its core, what this means is that each time that you play a game, your skill level moves up or down based on if it is a win or a loss.  It does not move a consistent amount every time, however; it is a function of the difference in skill level between your opponent and yourself, as well as the difference in points scored in the game.  Feedback is open on this as well - if you feel like you are not being rewarded enough for wins, or are being punished too much for losses, please let me know.  


On a less high level:
To add a game, you can either press the add game button from the homepage or from the games tab in the navbar.  Take note that a game will not effect any players records or appear on any tables until the player opposite the one entering the score has logged in and confirmed the game from the Game confirmations tab (to prevent those of you who might enjoy creating fake games in order to manipulate our records).  To view the game history of the leagues you belong to, click the games tab.  From this, to view the standings of a league you belong in, click on the leagues tab, then select the league you would like to drill into.  Any time you would like to view your personal record and statistics, simply click on the My Profile tab in the navbar.  To view any other player's statistics, any time their name appears in a league table or a game history, just click on it.  If you want to see match history between specific players, click on the Head to Head tab - from here you can browse through and select players to filter the history down to just them.  
